Okay, so what kind of sailors pose problems? You know, if if there was
a magic, you know, class glasses that you put on c be great. Made a
lot of money. Saw that one there isn't necessarily Someone can identify.
We're gonna find them. One of things about that is you wanna be
careful with your time This time is the one thing that you have very
little off. If you wind up, try to spend 90% of your time on 10%
of your problem Children. Okay. What about the other 90% that are so?
This is the the balance that you're going to have to come up with
as a leader. Treat Everyone fairly goes about saying, treat them fairly.
But if the troublemakers are out there just now, I'm not saying
ignore them. But be careful about the rest of the unit arrested with
division. Because if you wind up spending all right for the one percenters,
you're going to lose the rest of your division. So that's
a hard thing to work at balance. But it will pay off